I have now installed dependencies and built an image out of this.
Start to the order service.
I'm now going to create a Kubernetes deployment file.
So back inside, my editor.
I will find my infra directory inside of that I'll find k kate's and then I'll make a new file inside
there called orders dash double html.
Just about everything inside of here is going to be identical in nature to our tickets deployment.
So I'm going to go over to the tickets deployment file.
I'm going to copy everything inside of here.
Go over to the new order's deployment file and paste everything in.
I'm now inside of orders deployment.
We're going to go through here and update tickets over to orders instead.
It's all put in orders.
Orders.
On the image name right here.
I'll change that to my Docker ID slash orders.
And as a reminder, if you are running your cluster on Google Cloud, you are not going to put in an
image right here with this format.
Instead, you will put in that GCR IO slash your project, ID slash orders.
So make sure you get the correct thing inside there.
We then are listing out a couple of environment variables.
So these are all going to stay the same.
We definitely want to have the same kind of source for our Nats client ID, the same Nats URL, the
same cluster ID.
We want to have the same JSON web token key.
However, we do not want our order service to connect to the MongoDB instance that was intended for
the ticket service.
So we do need to eventually make sure we create a new MongoDB instance for our order stuff.
We have not created that yet.
We will in just a moment.
But for right now, let's just go ahead and update the URL right here.
Assuming that we eventually will have a order service specific MongoDB instance.
So I'm going to update the Mongo URI to MongoDB orders, mongo servers slash orders at the end.
That looks good.
I'll then go down to the very bottom of the file.
I'm going to find tickets on here listed three times and I'll update all three of those over two orders.
So at this point, I should be able to do a find inside of this file, search for tickets, and not
see the word tickets anywhere inside of here.
Once I've got that all put together, I'm going to save this file.
Then inside of K Eights, I'm going to create another new file called orders dash mongo dash devel html.
So this is where we will create our MongoDB instance specifically for the order service.
I'm going to once again open up the tickets mongo deployment file.
So here is take its mongo deployment.
I'm going to copy everything inside of here.
Go over to the brand new orders.
Mongoose.
Mongoose deployment file.
And paste everything in.
And now once again, we will go through here, update the word tickets over to orders.
So I will find once.
Weiss.
Three times.
Four times.
I'm going to make sure that I see orders four times inside of the deployment config.
I'll then go down to the bottom.
And down here, I'm going to update this to orders and orders.
Now, once again inside of here, I should be able to do a find for the word tickets and get no results
whatsoever.
Once I've confirmed that, I'll go ahead and say this file.
And that should be it.
So if we now go back over to our terminal window running scaffold.
After saving those two files, I should see some information inside of here about creating the orders.
Mongo deployment.
About creating the orders.
Mongo service.
And I should probably somewhere inside of here also see something about the order deployment and the
order service.
Now, if you see any ears inside of here right now around creating orders or running the container or
anything like that, or if you do not see any console logs or anything from the orders service as I
do and definitely do not write here, I don't see anything inside of here about building or running
the order service that is totally okay.
After we go through all this setup, we're going to restart Scaffold and make sure that everything comes
up online successfully.
So if you're getting any errors from scaffold right now, just don't sweat it.
Yes.
Back over here.
We're now going to make sure we set up some file sync stuff inside of our scaffold HTML file, and then
we'll go ahead and take care of those routing rules.
Let's take care of that scaffold HTML file first.
So back inside my editor inside of my root project directory here is scaffold HTML.
I'm going to scroll down to the very end of this list.
I'm going to take the last entry, which was for our ticket service.
Once again, just go ahead and copy paste it.
Picks up the indentation.
So I've now got the original ticket service block and then the new one right here.
We're going to update the image name to orders and the context of orders.
And once again, remember, if you are running on Google Cloud, this image name right here should be
the GCR IO slash project ID slash orders.
And we can leave everything else inside of you except for the contacts.
The same.
So we should have an image of orders.
Context of orders.
And then the Docker section and sync sections should remain the same.
Kent still looks pretty good.
I'll save this.
Now let's go ahead and finally try to restart scaffold.
And after this, hopefully we're going to see something start up.
I am definitely going to expect there to be an air once the pod starts up because inside the order service,
once again, we've got a lot of stuff inside of here with some broken import statements, for example,
Inside the Order's app.
There are still import statements for some root handlers that do not exist.
So I will expect to eventually see an error when the pod starts to run.
But I do not want to see an error around just plain starting up the container or building the pod or
something like that.
So I'll go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to stop everything with a control.
See?
Or then restart all of it with a scaffold dev and you might want to wait for the git pod's command to
show everything emptying out.
So when I print everything out, it looks like everything has already been terminated.
So I should now be able to do a scaffold.
And there we go.
All right, so I'm getting a lot of logs right here.
I did successfully see something about the order service starting up.
Very good.
But then very shortly after that, I got an error around finding a module inside the order service.
So if you see this area here, that is good.
We want to see this because this is truly a broken import statement that we need to fix.
If you see something that says, I don't have it inside my log anymore, but if you see something that
says cannot build image or cannot find image or something like that, that means that there is probably
a little issue.
If you see something that says cannot build this order's image or it cannot retrieve it, cannot find
it, then the best thing to do is to try to rebuild the image and then restart scaffold once again.
All right.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to discuss some of the different routing rules that
we're going to want to add to our ingress service file.
And then after that, we can start to work on the order service in earnest.